One will come back in the section we're going to get started with postscripts and the first thing we
have to do is to install it possible sequel is just a relational database which means we can store data
in a row and then we can add more data and data can be related from one table to another.
We're going to explore exactly what all that means throughout this section.
As I said the first thing to do is to install it.
And in this video we're going to go over installing on Windows to install Windows.
It's really simple.
Simply go to postscripts sequel dot org and then go to the downloads page here.
And as you can see these binary packages installer's for nearly every operating system you can think
of.
And Windows is down here at the bottom.
So just press that and then we can download the install
.
Here we have to pick the version that we want.
So we are just going to pick the latest one.
Nine point five point two in some operating systems when you install Pasquarelli won't be the latest
version.
And that's something to keep into account for later on.
And for example if you're using a server online the version that you'll install may be 9.3 or nine point
two.
That's not a big deal.
We're going to just learn about Pascua sequel and then you can look at the differences between versions
later on because I'm using Windows 10 64 bits.
I'm going to download this one which other 64 at the end if you're using a slightly older computer that
has under 4 gigabytes of RAM chances are you'll be using 32 bits.
But it's also possible you'll be using 64 bits.
So that's something to check as well.
If you use a Mac naturally download that one.
Let's focus on the windows aspect and download the 64 bit one.
And then a download starting and it shouldn't take very long and then we can look at where we want to
install.
OK so that downloaded.
Let's press on it and give you with that
and then we can start installing it.
If you don't have visual C++ which I don't because this is a fresh Windows install then you'll have
to install that.
And then we get the pasta set up decide where you want to install it.
Leave it as the default is my recommendation just because these programs tend to work best when you
leave everything as a default if you change a configuration parameter or the installation path.
Then you may have to change other things as well.
So my recommendation.
Leave it as the default and you can choose a password for the data the super user.
So you can enter a password for the database superuser and then press next then select the port.
One second I would leave it as the default and select a default locale which is just the language and
that will be English in my case.
And then it just starts installing.
And once that's installed we can launch stack builder which we're not going to be doing in this video
.
And then just press finish.
Now we've got Pasqua sequel installed so in the next video we're going to look at how to initialize
it and how to interact with it.
I see the